.TH APPCTL 1
.SH NAME
appctl - controls how applications start and interact
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-h|\-\-help\fR [\fIcommand\fR]]
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
\fIcommand\fR \fIargument\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl\fR is the method for applications to set up interactions with each
other and controls most of the configuration of the system.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h\fR, " " \fB\-\-help\fR " " [\fIcommand\fR]
Shows the help ths common options, or shows the help for a single command if a
command is provided after this argument.
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.BR autostart
Configures an application to start automatically when the computer boots.
.TP
.BR create
Creates an empty application container.
.TP
.BR init
Launches all of the software on the computer (should only be run once, by the
system itself).
.TP
.BR install
Installs an application onto this computer from the Internet.
.TP
.BR invoke
Runs a command inside another application container.
.TP
.BR mount
Mounts a drive or creates a link between containers.
.TP
.BR pullf
Reads a file from another application container.
.TP
.BR pushf
Writes a file to another application container.
.TP
.BR reload
Reloads the configuration settings for a service container.
.TP
.BR restart
Stops a service container if it is running, then starts it again.
.TP
.BR shutdown
Shuts down the computer.
.TP
.BR start
Starts a service container that is already installed on this computer.
.TP
.BR stop
Stops a service container.
.TP
.BR update
Updates the software on this computer.
.TP
.BR vienv
Edits the initial environment for the system.
.TP
.BR vifstab
Edits the filesystem table that defines what drives the filesystem is mounted
from.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_\fICOMMAND\fB_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_\fICOMMAND\fB_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to
the specific options whenever \fICOMMAND\fR is run.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl-autostart\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-create\fR(1),
.BR appctl-init\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-install\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-invoke\fR(1),
.BR appctl-mount\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-pullf\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-pushf\fR(1),
.BR appctl-reload\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-restart\fR(1),
.BR appctl-shutdown\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-start\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-stop\fR(1),
.BR appctl-update\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-vienv\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-vifstab\fR(1)
