.TH APPCTL-MOUNT 1
.SH NAME
appctl mount - mounts a drive or creates a link between containers.
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
mount
[\fBhome\fR|\fBtmp\fR|\fBvar\fR|\fBroot\fR|\fIcontainer\fR:\fIpath\fR]
\fIdestination\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl mount\fR creates a link between two different containers or a special
folder not associated with any container and the current container.
.SH OPTIONS
General options are written before the command, and specific options are written
after the command.
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SS Specific options
.TP
.BR home
Mounts the directory containing all of the users' home folders.
.TP
.BR tmp
Mounts the system-wide temporary directory that shared temporary files (like
sockets) should be stored in.
.TP
.BR var
Mounts the variable data folder for the current container.
.TP
.BR root
Mounts the root directory of the drive into another folder.
.TP
.IR container\fR:\fIpath\fR
Mounts a directory from another container.
.TP
.IR destination
The directory to mount to.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_MOUNT_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_MOUNT_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
specific options.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl\fR(1)
