.TH APPCTL-INVOKE 1
.SH NAME
appctl invoke - runs a command inside another application container.
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
invoke
[\fB\-i|\-\-keep\-env\fR]
[\fB\-b|\-\-reset\-env\fR]
[\fB\-e|\-\-env\fR \fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR]...
\fIcontainer\fR
\fIcommand\fR
\fIargument\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl invoke\fR spawns a process inside another container and pipes all
three standard streams between the two containers.
.SH OPTIONS
General options are written before the command, and specific options are written
after the command.
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SS Specific options
.TP
.BR \-i\fR, " " \fB\-\-keep\-env\fR
Retains all environmental variables into the new process
.TP
.BR \-b\fR, " " \fB\-\-reset\-env\fR
Resets all environmental variables to their defaults for the new process
.TP
.BR \-e\fR, " " \fB\-\-env\fR " " \fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR
Sets an environmental variable in the new process
.TP
.IR container\fR
The container to run in.
.TP
.IR command\fR " " \fIargument\fR...
The command to run inside the container
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_INVOKE_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_INVOKE_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
specific options.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl\fR(1)
