.TH APPCTL-AUTOSTART 1
.SH NAME
appctl autostart - configures an application to start automatically when the
computer boots.
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
autostart
\fIcontainer\fR
[\fB\-\-enable|\-\-disable\fR]
[\fB-a|\-\-after\fR \fIcontainer\fR]...
[\fB-b|\-\-before\fR \fIcontainer\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl autostart\fR allows the user to configure how services start during a
system boot.
.SH OPTIONS
General options are written before the command, and specific options are written
after the command.
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SS Specific options
.TP
.IR container\fR
The container to configure for autostart.
.TP
.BR \-\-enable
Specifies that the container should be enabled for autostart (default).
.TP
.BR \-\-disable
Specified that the container should be disabled for autostart.  This option
should not be used in combination with any other option.
.TP
.BR \-a, " " \-\-after\fR " " \fIcontainer\fR
Waits for \fIcontainer\fR to start before starting the container that is being
configured for autostart.
.TP
.BR \-b, " " \-\-before\fR " " \fIcontainer\fR
Starts the container that is being configured for autostart before the
\fIcontainer\fR is started.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_AUTOSTART_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_AUTOSTART_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
specific options.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl\fR(1), " " \fBappctl-init\fR(1)
