.TH APPCTL-INSTALL 1
.SH NAME
appctl install - installs an application onto this computer from the Internet.
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
install
[\fB\-y|\-\-yes|\-n|\-\-no\fR]
[\fB\-f|\-\-from\fR \fIexportPath\fR]
[\fB\-t|\-\-to\fR \fIexportPath\fR]
[\fB\-d|\-\-dry\-run]
[\fB\-p|\-\-prefix \fIprefix\fR]
\fIcontainer\fR
[\fB\-c|\-\-cflags\fR \fIflag\fR... --]
[\fB\-l|\-\-lflags\fR \fIflag\fR... --]
[\fB\-b|\-\-bflags\fR \fIflag\fR... --]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl install\fR installs applications from the Internet.
.SH OPTIONS
General options are written before the command, and specific options are written
after the command.
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SS Specific options
.TP
.BR \-y\fR, " " \fB\-\-yes\fR
Answers yes to all prompts automatically.
.TP
.BR \-n\fR, " " \fB\-\-no\fR
Answers no to all prompts automatically.
.TP
.BR \-f\fR, " " \fB\-\-from\fR " " \fIexportPath\fR
Installs from an archive instead of from the Internet.
.TP
.BR \-t\fR, " " \fB\-\-to\fR " " \fIexportPath\fR
Downloads packages into an archive instead of installing them.
.TP
.BR \-d\fR, " " \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Runs all of the steps that would be taken to install the software, but does not
actually install it.
.TP
.BR \-p\fR, " " \fB\-\-prefix\fR " " \fIprefix\fR
Installs into a prefix instead of on the root filesystem.
.TP
.IR container\fR
The container to install.
.TP
.BR \-c\fR, " " \fB\-\-cflags\fR " " \fIflag\fR... " " --
Passes the \fIflag\fR to the compiler.
.TP
.BR \-l\fR, " " \fB\-\-lflags\fR " " \fIflag\fR... " " --
Passes the \fIflag\fR to the linker.
.TP
.BR \-b\fR, " " \fB\-\-bflags\fR " " \fIflag\fR... " " --
Passes the \fIflag\fR to the build system.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_INSTALL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_INSTALL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
specific options.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl\fR(1)
