.TH APPCTL-SHUTDOWN 1
.SH NAME
appctl shutdown - shuts down the computer.
.SH SYNOPSIS
appctl
[\fB\-v|\-\-verbose\fR]...
shutdown
[\fB\-H|\-\-halt\|\-P|\-\-poweroff|\-r|\-\-reboot|\-c|\-\-cancel\fR]
[\fB\-s|\-\-no\-wall\fR]
[\fB\-k|\-\-dry\-run\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBappctl shutdown\fR stops all services, kills all remaining processes, and
turns off the computer.
.SH OPTIONS
General options are written before the command, and specific options are written
after the command.
.SS General options
.TP
.BR \-v\fR, " " \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Logs out more information (multiple \fB\-v\fR or \fB\-\-verbose\fR will result
in even more information being logged).
.SS Specific options
.TP
.BR \-H\fR, " " \fB\-\-halt\fR
Halts the computer.
.TP
.BR \-P\fR, " " \fB\-\-poweroff\fR
Turns off the computer (default).
.TP
.BR \-r\fR, " " \fB\-\-reboot\fR
Restarts the computer.
.TP
.BR \-c\fR, " " \fB\-\-cancel\fR
Canels a pending shutdown
.TP
.BR \-s\fR, " " \fB\-\-no\-wall\fR
Does not send a message to each user warning of the shutdown.
.TP
.BR \-k\fR, " " \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Send the message to each user, but do not actually shut down the computer.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.BR APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS
If \fB$APPCTL_GENERAL_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
general options provided from command line.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SHUTDOWN_OPTS
If \fB$APPCLT_SHUTDOWN_OPTS\fR is set, the value of it will be appended to the
specific options.
.TP
.BR APPCTL_SOCKET
If \fB$APPCLT_SOCKET\fR is set, its value will be used as the socket to connect
to instead of the default socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR appctl\fR(1)
